README.md, before:

# CODE WARS GO HISTORY GUIDE

**In this repository, I'll be documenting all the code wars challenges i will be taking. Completed, uncompleted/ongoing challenges will indicated also for clear guide.**

**There are different varieties of challenges level, also i'll be making navigating to them easier.**

# Navigations
**Status Update:**
- [Completed Challenges](#completed-challenges)

    **Challenges Level**
    - [8kyu](#8kyu-complete)
    - [7kyu](#7kyu-complete)
    - [6kyu](#6kyu-complete)
    - [5kyu](#5kyu-complete)
    - [4kyu](#4kyu-complete)
    - [3kyu](#3kyu-complete)
    - [2kyu](#2kyu-complete)
    - [1kyu](#1kyu-complete)

- [Ongoing Challenges](#ongoing-challenges)

    **Challenges Level**
    - [8kyu](#8kyu-ongoing)
    - [7kyu](#7kyu-ongoing)
    - [6kyu](#6kyu-ongoing)
    - [5kyu](#5kyu-ongoing)
    - [4kyu](#4kyu-ongoing)
    - [3kyu](#3kyu-ongoing)
    - [2kyu](#2kyu-ongoing)
    - [1kyu](#1kyu-ongoing)


**My current Code-wars ranking as at now that i am creating this repo is *7kyu*.**

# My Code-Wars Stats
- *UserName:* Mykelscode
- *Rank:* 7kyu
- *Honor:* 43
- *Total completed Kata:* 11
- *Joined:* Sept 2025


## Completed Challenges
- ## 8kyu Complete

- ## 7kyu Complete

- ## 6kyu Complete

- ## 5kyu Complete

- ## 4kyu Complete

- ## 3kyu Complete

- ## 2kyu Complete

- ## 1kyu Complete


## Ongoing Challenges
- ## 8kyu Ongoing

- ## 7kyu Ongoing

- ## 6kyu Ongoing

- ## 5kyu Ongoing

- ## 4kyu Ongoing

- ## 3kyu Ongoing

- ## 2kyu Ongoing

- ## 1kyu Ongoing

Commit message:

Added Opposite attract to completed challenge, 8kyu

README.md, after:

# CODE WARS GO HISTORY GUIDE

**In this repository, I'll be documenting all the code wars challenges i will be taking. Completed, uncompleted/ongoing challenges will indicated also for clear guide.**

**There are different varieties of challenges level, also i'll be making navigating to them easier.**

# Navigations
**Status Update:**
- [Completed Challenges](#completed-challenges)

    **Challenges Level**
    - [8kyu](#8kyu-complete)
    - [7kyu](#7kyu-complete)
    - [6kyu](#6kyu-complete)
    - [5kyu](#5kyu-complete)
    - [4kyu](#4kyu-complete)
    - [3kyu](#3kyu-complete)
    - [2kyu](#2kyu-complete)
    - [1kyu](#1kyu-complete)

- [Ongoing Challenges](#ongoing-challenges)

    **Challenges Level**
    - [8kyu](#8kyu-ongoing)
    - [7kyu](#7kyu-ongoing)
    - [6kyu](#6kyu-ongoing)
    - [5kyu](#5kyu-ongoing)
    - [4kyu](#4kyu-ongoing)
    - [3kyu](#3kyu-ongoing)
    - [2kyu](#2kyu-ongoing)
    - [1kyu](#1kyu-ongoing)


**My current Code-wars ranking as at now that i am creating this repo is *7kyu*.**

# My Code-Wars Stats
- *UserName:* Mykelscode
- *Rank:* 7kyu
- *Honor:* 43
- *Total completed Kata:* 11
- *Joined:* Sept 2025


## Completed Challenges
- ## 8kyu Complete

**Opposite Attract**

    - *Question:* Timmy & Sarah think they are in love, but around where they live, they will only know once they pick a flower each. If one of the flowers has an even number of petals and the other has an odd number of petals it means they are in love.

    Write a function that will take the number of petals of each flower and return true if they are in love and false if they aren't.

 


- ## 7kyu Complete

- ## 6kyu Complete

- ## 5kyu Complete

- ## 4kyu Complete

- ## 3kyu Complete

- ## 2kyu Complete

- ## 1kyu Complete


## Ongoing Challenges
- ## 8kyu Ongoing

- ## 7kyu Ongoing

- ## 6kyu Ongoing

- ## 5kyu Ongoing

- ## 4kyu Ongoing

- ## 3kyu Ongoing

- ## 2kyu Ongoing

- ## 1kyu Ongoing
